Hello, 

I'm Jason Hall, the Chief Executive Officer of Monolith Productions Inc. 
I just wanted to say that I speak for all of us here at Monolith when I say 
that we appreciate you playing our latest game, BLOOD.

Many here have made sacrifices to bring this awesome product to you, the gamer.
It is very important to us to deliver the type of quality game play players of 
today demand. We will continue to strive for the best in the name of good 
gaming, and perhaps product by product, we can ever-so-slightly help to bring 
our whole industry into a new level of immersive experiences.

Monolith's intent is to support the gamer. We are listening to the industry 
and will act upon what we hear. We understand clearly that without gamers,
game companies would not exist. You can rest assured that we won't forget this
fact, which is why you can expect Monolith to give all of our products the 
attention they deserve in order to make them an excellent experience.

Here are some special thanks I'd like to say:

1.)	As with any game project being built, there were tons of things the 
Blood team would have loved to add. Time being the deciding factor in all 
cases, they only were able to add some of these things. I would personally 
like to thank them for making the tough decisions. The cool features that 
didn't make it into BLOOD will go into BLOOD 2...

2.)	Thanks to the Blood team--I am not picking a specific person or 
persons to thank in this text file, but I do want to personally thank the 
entire Blood team for all of their incredible work. You have all been true to 
the Monolith spirit of "I-will-work-my-ass-off-until-it-is-the-best-damn-
product-ever." All of your fellow "Lithers" think that you are awesome (we 
are playing Blood all the time) and we are proud that you are part of the 
collective effort that IS Monolith. I am sure that the gaming world will 
appreciate you and your efforts as well.

3.)	Thanks to Monolith itself--I'd just like to thank everyone here at 
Monolith for rallying together to support our internal teams (especially the 
Blood team). It is this kind of spirit and togetherness that will make the 
difference in our products and work environment. Keep the excitement!

Now for some final words:

[WARNING: the opinions expressed below are not necessarily those of Monolith 
Productions Inc. But since I'm the C.E.O, I'm going to rant for a second.]

As you play BLOOD and get better and better, you'll start getting into
BLOODBATHING... you know, calling up your friends and going head to head for some 
frag sessions. It's quite possible that you could become the best Blood player
on your block. Heck, you might even be he best in your neighborhood... or 
city... or state... or WORLD!!!!!! 

<<< STOP RIGHT THERE >>>

Before your "I'm the best at Blood ever" fantasy goes too far, make sure that 
you track me down and ask for a game. I'll be MORE THAN HAPPY to bring reality
to you by way of guns akimbo shotgun.

That's all I have to say about that...

Currently, the top players at Monolith (not in order) are:

Jason Hall (MESSIAH) hall@lith.com
Craig Hubbard (CROWEATER) craigh@lith.com
Jay Wilson (SHADE) shade@lith.com
Mike Dussault (GUTTERMOUTH) dussault@lith.com
Scott Pultz (PULTZAR) scott@lith.com
Spencer Maiers (MR. ELITE) spen@lith.com

Of course, before you even bother facing the gods of Blood, you'd better prove 
you're worthy by stepping into the arena with some of the archangels.

Daniel Leeks (SHADOW) daniel@lith.com
Nathan Hendrickson (DOGMAN) nathan@lith.com
Matt Hayhurst (DETHDEALER) matt@lith.com
Paul Butterfield (MAI) paulb@lith.com
Israel Evans (WOOD) israel@lith.com

When you are ready to learn the meaning of a proper BLOODBATH come see us.

Now for the Monolith GREETS to our friends at their many companies (in no 
particular order)

What's UP: LucasArts, Hipnotic Interactive, Microsoft, 3D Realms, Eclipse 
Software, GT Interactive, Mindscape, Broderbund, Zombie LLC, WhizBang!, The 
Silvermans, Activision, Reality Bytes, Nvidia, 3dFX, Rendition, Enix, 
HappyPuppy, SEGA, Nintendo, NEC, Intergraph, SoftImage, Maxis, Accolade, MGM 
Interactive,  Kinesoft, Tusker Corp., Takarajimasha, Computer and Net Player, 
Computer Games Strategy Plus, KALI, TEN, Mpath, DEC, Bad Animals, Wallace 
Creative, Intel, OGR, NANI, The Future Crew, Renaissance, Remedy, Strategic
Simulations, Inc., and TRITON.

Sincerely,

Jason Hall
Chief Executive Officer
Monolith Productions Inc.
Hall@lith.com
www.lith.com
