
  VERSES 4

  Andre:    Pardon me.  Please tell me
            how to get to Greenwich Village.
            My good friend,  Sarah Lee


  Carolyn:  First turn right at the light,
            walk two blocks,  stop at the corner.
            Then turn left at the zoo.
            That is Greenwich Avenue.

            Walk two blocks,  straight ahead,
            pass the school and pass the market.
            Then turn left at the store.
            That's the street you're looking for.

  Andre:    Now I know where to go.
            I'll just follow your directions.
            Thanks so much,  now I' m fine.
            You are quite welcome any time.

  VERSES 5

         For Mother:                              For me:
  Bring her gloves for the cold.         Bring me boots for the rain
  Bring her earrings made of gold.       Bring me cars for my old train
  Bring her chocolate,  candy canes,     Bring me chocolate,  candy cane
  and nuts.                              and nuts.
  Bring her money,  bring her lots.      Bring me money,  bring me lots.

         For Father:                             For us all:
  Bring him ties for his suits.          Bring us snow.  Bring us ice.
  Bring him leather cowboy boots.        A white Christmas would be nic
  Bring him chôcolate,  candy canes,     Bring us health and happiness
  and nuts.                              and love.
  Bring him money,  bring him lots.      Merry Christmas.  That' s enough.

  VERSES 6

  Oh,  I like to sleep till noontime every day.
  Oh,  she likes to sleep till noontime every day.
  Every time I sleep till noontime,  she sleeps till noontime.
  Oh,  she likes to do what I do every day.

  Oh,  I like to take a shower every day.
  Oh,  she likes to take a shower every day.
  Every time I take a shower,  she takes a shower.
  Oh,  she likes to do what I do every day.

  Oh,  I like to do a headstand every day.
  Oh,  she likes to do a headstand every day.
  Every time I do a headstand,  she does a headstand.
  Oh,  she likes to do what I do every day.

  Oh,  I like to study English every day.
  Oh,  she likes to study Englich every day.
  Every time I study English,  she studies English.
  Oh,  she likes to do what I do every day.
