Vis_Mux v1.12 (C)1998 Jason Crawford (Heucuva@usa.net) All rights reserved.
WinAMP is Trademark and (C) Justin Frankel and Nullsoft, Inc.
AMP is (C) Tomislav Uzelak.
All other references are (C) by their respective owners.

Instructions:
------------------

Plug-ins-
     This plug-in was meant to use only windowed plug-ins and plug-ins that
     dock to (or in) the WinAMP window.
     OpenGL, 3dFX, and full-screen plug-ins are not recommended for use
     with this plug-in.
     Currently, only four (4) plug-ins may be used with this plug-in.
     If you find this number to be too small there is a way to change it,
     but you're gonna have to find out where yourself.

Visualization Plugins list box-
     This is a list of the currently selected DLLs and the plug-in within it.
     To open up the pop-up menu:
          Right-click the list box or press ALT-ENTER while in the list
          box.
     To select a DLL to use in the mux:
          Click the "Add DLL" button below the list box, select "Add DLL"
          from the pop-up menu, or press INS while in the list box.
     To remove a DLL:
          Select the DLL to remove in the list box and click the
          "Remove DLL" button below the list box, select "Remove DLL" from
          the pop-up menu, or press DEL while in the list box.
     To select a plug-in from the selected DLL:
          Click the arrow buttons below the the list box, select
          "Select Next" from the pop-up menu, or press either "+" or "-"
          while in the list box.
     To configure the selected plug-in:
          Double-click the plug-in, select "Configure" from the pop-up
          menu, or press ENTER while in the list box.

Compatibility mode-
     This function allows plug-ins that require more processing power to
     run more reliably. This has been known to cause undesirable effects
     on slower systems while using certain plug-ins.

Thanks:
-------------

My thanks go out to the beta-testers: (in no particular order)
     Peter Guzis,
     Ray Sanders,
     Bryan Hollingsworth,
     Bruce Si-Tou,
     and Kris Backmeyer.

You've all done a great job (or at least a good job) telling me what I've
done to bring your computers to their knees; Thanks!

Thanks go out to: (in no particular order... again)
Ray Waldin (GREAT WinAMP Speakers, SpectralLake, etc.),
Aldasir Page (I was waiting to hear from at least 1 person about it....),
and to all the people that complained about the CFG window being too
small when the fonts were changed in Windows.

To learn more about how to write WinAMP plug-ins:
     Go to either:
          http://www.winamp.com/plugins.html
     or
          http://www.mp3.com/plugins.html
     and download an sdk of your choice

     or

     Contact Jason Crawford (Heucuva@usa.net) and specify which
     programming language you wish to use for making a plug-in
     and an e-mail with the included package will be shipped to you
     within that week.

